In this lesson, we're going to build an activity classifier
using data from an accelerometer on a wrist wearable.
Activity classifiers can be useful directly in that
people like to keep track of the activities they're doing over the day.
But they can also be used in more clinical contexts.
For example, if a company is doing a drug trial and
wants to know if their drug makes study subjects more or less active,
they can look at the activity classifier output
and see if subjects are spending more time walking around,
or if they're mostly idle.
To build his activity classifier,
you'll learn how to featurize a high rate time series.
How do you take a few seconds of 200 Hertz signal,
so that's thousands of data points,
and reduce it to a handful of features that
traditional machine learning models know how to deal with?
We'll then use a random forest model to train our activity classifier and use,
leave-one-subject-out cross validation to evaluate its performance.
We'll then talk about our models,
hyperparameters, and do hyperparameter optimization.
To be successful in any modeling task, however,
we need to dive into our data and become familiar with its intricacies.
So we're going to begin with some data exploration.